Fixing Firmata test run case (#1481)
dotnet/iot: src/devices/Arduino/tests/README.md

# How to run the Arduino Firmata tests

> it should be explicit use: `dotnet test --filter feature=firmata`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to run all Firmata tests use: `dotnet test --filter feature=firmata`
```

Reviewer: Other option is to prepend this with: `Tests using hardware are disabled by default. `
